Secret IQ is a free website that is dedicated to exposing some of the secrets high schoolers use to achieve success.

We define success in many ways. These include but are not limited to: achieving one’s personal goals, high marks, money, great deals, etc.

There is a famous quote that says:

“One can strip you of all your money but one can never take away your knowledge”

In today’s world, the best of knowledge isn’t about academics, its about thinking fast, making big money, finding great deals, and achieving one’s life’s goals.

We want to serve you in every possible way possible by providing you with free information to all the top quality products you need for studying as well as posts related to your life’s ambition.

Our motto is:

“Stop Searching, Start Finding.”

Our Mission:
We hope to educate on how to better develop life to make the world great

Work With Us
Find any of our tips useful and want to contribute? In need of getting hooked up with other smart people to talk to? Want to help us grow this site bigger? Find mistakes in our links or grammar?

Click here and tell us your story

Disclaimer:
Secret IQ does not host all of the videos shown on its website. The site doesn’t host any of the content within its own server and it links to the contents uploaded by the popular Online Video hosting sites like Youtube.com, and other popular video hosts. This website links to these websites either directly or by an embed code. We cannot be held liable for content uploaded by members of 3rd parties’ websites.

Secret IQ is not responsible for what other people upload to 3rd party sites. We urge all copyright owners, to recognize that the links contained within this site are located somewhere else on the web. If you have any legal issues please contact appropriate media file owners . All trademarks, trade names, service marks, images, copyrighted work, logos etc referenced herein belong to their respective owners/companies.

Secret IQ is also not affiliated the College board.

If a video is violating copyright and you want us to remove that video, please contact us.
