All The Information You Need to Ace the Exam

Tips Before Starting the Class:
College Board Exam Tips: Directly from the college board website. Here is all the information you need to know to be prepared. Since, the creators of the College Board know most of the test information, almost all of their advice is credible.

Best Textbook Alternatives: (Will Not Lead to Information Overload)
The American Pageant Textbook Outlines: These outlines are ideal high quality notes that are much more useful than the AP U.S. History textbook. They are detailed enough to include all the information covered in the exam but are not redundant and don’t carry worthless information that the textbook includes. Not only will these notes save you time, they will prevent you from getting into information overload mode and thus better prepare you for the exam.

Best Books to Buy Now:
For many exams, buying a practice book can make studying for the exam much easier. Some people specifically like the old fashion way of studying materials from a book and being able to take notes. The thing is not all books are good candidates for being prep books. The best books are those whose material matches that of the College Boards material. In many cases prep books might be rushed in order to match specific deadlines. Never rely on Amazon or Google’s ratings as many test prep companies pay those engines to put their material first. For example, although Barron’s test prep is a good company to use, they are always going to appear first on search results because they bid the most to be put up first.

Most importantly, don’t forget to let your books accompany you all throughout your course so you don’t procrastinate.

Barron’s APUSH Booklet:

Covers only the material that you need to know concisely
Great graphs, images, and details
Includes practice images and a sample glossary.
Studying Could Have Never Been Easier

AMSCO APUSH Study Guide:

Covers all the material with a few quick reads
Author is very well familiar with the material

Best Places to Study Before a Test
Albert.io Practice Problems: Although you might need to buy a full access subscription to this site, even the preview problems (there are a lot of them) are very effective in testing out individual concepts needed for preparation on the exam. This is ideal practice for MC problems

College Board FRQs: These FRQs are from former exams. They are top quality material to use for studying because their format and style will match that of the AP Exam.

Best Flashcards
Detailed Quizlet Study Cards: This set of Study cards focuses less on memorization and more on conceptual understanding which is the most important thing to review for the AP Exam.

Best AP Exam Practice Tests
Essay Writing Tips: This is definitely a great worksheet that explains how to get passed the grading method with the essay using little knowledge. Mathematically speaking the information on this sheet are more valuable than time studied doing the essay because a well written essay will stand out much more than one that is not well written.

College Board FRQs: These FRQs are from former exams. They are top quality material to use for studying because their format and style will match that of the AP Exam.

Varsity Tutors MC Practice: These MC questions are very comprehensive and match a lot of those used on former exams. They also test both concepts and facts.

Pre-made: I don’t recommend buying flashcards for every exam because they are just not always necessary, however for the AP Psychology exam, I highly recommend buying them because terms and definitions are very important and will definitely be tested on the FRQ portion of the exam. Many teachers will tell their students not to focus on vocabulary because it is not tested in the MC portion of the exam, however it is still important on the FRQ. Buying flashcards is the best way to get used to using the terms the college board wants you to use. Thus while writing the FRQ, the terms will immediately be stuck in your head just like the lyrics of your favorite songs. Avoids time and friction. Subconciously change your mentality

Score Calculator

Best Study Guides
Detailed Study Guide: This set of notes contains all the necessary information to easily access before taking the AP Exam. If you still don’t get the information, try some of the videos or seek help from a teacher.

Best Video Series (Use if you ever get stuck on a concept)
Gilderlehrman Videos: This website is very easy to browse and contains very useful videos on all the topics covered in the exam.

More Study Material

Exam Format:
60 Multiple-Choice Questions (55 Minutes)

6 Free-Response Questions (2 Hours 20 Minutes)

4 Short Answer (50 minutes)
1 Document Based  (55 Minutes)
1 Long Answer Essay  (35 Minutes)
Exam Date: Friday May 11th, 2018
