All The Information You Need to Ace the Exam

Tips Before Starting the Class:
College Board Exam Tips: Directly from the college board website. Here is all the information you need to know to be prepared. Since, the creators of the College Board know most of the test information, almost all of their advice is credible.

Best Textbook Alternatives: (Will Not Lead to Information Overload)
Power Points by Ms. Cona: These Power points offer ideal high quality notes that are much more useful than the AP World History textbook. They are detailed enough to include all the information covered in the exam but are not redundant and don’t carry worthless information that the textbook includes. Not only will these notes save you time, they will prevent you from getting into information overload mode and thus better prepare you for the exam.

More Great Power points: Another series of PowerPoint alternatives.

Best Books to Buy Now:
For many exams, buying a practice book can make studying for the exam much easier. Some people specifically like the old fashion way of studying materials from a book and being able to take notes. The thing is not all books are good candidates for being prep books. The best books are those whose material matches that of the College Boards material. In many cases prep books might be rushed in order to match specific deadlines. Never rely on Amazon or Google’s ratings as many test prep companies pay those engines to put their material first. For example, although Barron’s test prep is a good company to use, they are always going to appear first on search results because they bid the most to be put up first.

Most importantly, don’t forget to let your books accompany you all throughout your course so you don’t procrastinate.

Barron’s AP World History Booklet:

Covers only the material that you need to know concisely
Great graphs, images, and details
Includes practice images and a sample glossary.
Studying Could Have Never Been Easier

Ethel Wood’s Course Book:

Covers all the material with a few quick reads
drastically increases your history IQ

Best Places to Study Before a Test
Albert.io Practice Problems: Although you might need to buy a full access subscription to this site, even the preview problems (there are a lot of them) are very effective in testing out individual concepts needed for preparation on the exam. This is ideal practice for MC problems

College Board FRQs: These FRQs are from former exams. They are top quality material to use for studying because their format and style will match that of the AP Exam.

Best Flashcards
Quizlet Study Cards: This set of Study cards focuses less on memorization and more on conceptual understanding which is the most important thing to review for the AP Exam

Best AP Exam Practice Tests
College Board FRQs: These FRQs are from former exams. They are top quality material to use for studying because their format and style will match that of the AP Exam.

Varsity Tutors MC Practice: These MC questions are very comprehensive and match a lot of those used on former exams. They also test both concepts and facts.

Score Calculator

Best Video Series (Use if you ever get stuck on a concept)
Crash Course Videos: Contains videos that might be give you a break from long study sessions. Organized by topic.

Exam Format:
70 Multiple-Choice Questions (55 minutes)

3 Free-Response Essays (2 Hours)

Exam Date: May 17th, 2018
